
### Scenarios


Jack is a college student at Austin Peay State University and is looking for an application that can help him organize his school work and keep track of everything he has to accomplish. Jack decided to use the homework helper. Jack made an account using the application and started adding his courses. He added each one with the name, description, and day of the week that the class met on. After he added the courses, he added each assignment or task that he had to complete for each class. When adding a task, he was able to put a description of the task, the course it was for, and the date that the task needed to be completed by. One of Jack’s professors changed the due date for the assignment that he had already added, but he was able to go back and update the new deadline. Another one of Jack’s professors decided to cancel the quiz that was planned for the next week, and Jack was able to go back and delete that specific quiz. 


Amber is college freshman at Austin Peay and has noticed her grades slipping. She needed a way to be reminded of the assignments and classes that she has that week. Amber decided to use the Homework Helper application to meet this need. Amber has already made an account but forgot her password. She was able to reset her password by entering her username and answering the security questions that she had already set up.  She added her courses and the tasks that she needed done that week to the app. Amber was able to go to the upcoming view of the application and see all that she had due that week in the order that it was due. The name of the task and the course that is was for were displayed in a list that made it very easy to see what needed to be done. Amber could be notified of the tasks that needed to be done by setting a time and day that each task needed to be completed by. 


Blake is a college student at Austin Peay using the Homework Helper application. The semester had just started, and Blake was still having trouble remembering where his classes were. He added his classes and the meeting times in the app and was able to view his schedule at a glance in a week view. After adding classes, it was easy to add tasks for each class such as quizzes and assignments. His professor said that they will have a weekly quiz each week on Wednesday. So, Blake was able to select an option where the quiz would be added each week and would reoccur for 15 consecutive weeks so he wouldn’t have to keep manually adding it. After the first week he decided that he was going to drop one of his classes. He went into the app and deleted that course, which then deleted any tasks that were related to that course.
